So we've created our workspace, right?
However, there's a bit of a problem here.
The big problem is that
our state is local, right?
So right now, if I was like,
all right, cool, see you guys,
have a good one, right?
And my laptop destroyed somehow
the state's gone, right?
And if there was thousands of repost or
thousands of resources and
stuff like that,
I'd be kind of in a bad state, right?
Get it?
What we wanna do is, is we wanna
move that state to the cloud, right?
So that we don't have to worry about
where it is and it's safety essentially.
And so to do that, we're gonna
click on our workspace, actually.
And you'll notice that there's a nice
little documentation set here where it
actually includes some example code.
This is what's called a back end file,
right?
The idea here is is that right
now if we look at my code,
I'm not actually pointing
my state to anything.
That's why it's local.
But if I wanna make it so that my state
is actually pointed to something,
I create a backend.tf file or
basically this file right here.
So I'm gonna copy this,
say new file backend.tf, and
then I'm gonna edit that file.
And again, you should have this in
your workspace if you just created it,
so you can copy this,
paste it in and save it.
So now you should have a back end.tf file,
a main.tf file and
a variables.tf file, all right?
These are the three files that we need to
be able to not just automate our things,
but also push them to the cloud.
All right, so now what we're gonna do is,
is we're gonna init one more time.
Can anyone tell me why I might
need to initialize one more time?
>> Migrate the state.
>> Yes, and the main reason why we
initialize is because when we initialize
it, does that initial reach
out to Terraform Cloud.
So that's another reason why you
initialize, is because it makes it so
that your backend's properly set up,
everything in your workspace or
your environment is basically good to go.
So this time, however, you'll notice that
when I go back to my Terraform in it,
I'm actually gonna put
Doppler in front of here.
Can anyone tell me why I put
Doppler in front of here?
>> Cuz you're gonna put
it in HashiCorp's cloud.
>> Yes, exactly, yeah.
So we're gonna do Doppler run, Terraform
in it, and then what we want it to do is
because Doppler has the credentials
inside of it, we want Doppler to pass
the Terraform cloud credentials and
then make it so that we can initialize it.
And sure enough As we initialize
TerraForm cloud goes, Hey, well,
wait a minute,
I see that you have state locally.
Would you like us to migrate your
existing state to the cloud?
And sure enough, I can hit it.
I can type in yes, hit Enter There we go.
My state is now in the cloud.
So if we go back to our repo really
quickly, look at my TF state file.
it's completely empty now.
And if I even open it up there's
there's nothing in here, right?
And so what we wanna do is is we wanna
really just delete all of these files,
the three files here.
Now note one of these says
terraform.tf state backup.
You might not wanna delete this file.
[LAUGH] If you're in a circumstance where
you're initializing a repo that had a lot
of resources in it already, you wanna make
sure that it's there, stuff like that.
It might be worth backing it up.
However, don't commit
it to the repository.
There are secrets and other things
that could potentially be in there and
it would expose,
if you just committed that to Git.
So let's just delete these.
Right?
And then let's do a plan one more time.
So terraform plan.
And again, I'm gonna put doppler run
in front of it, because going forward,
I need to be able to communicate
with Terraform Cloud.
If I can't,
then this will fail, all right?
So for example, if I actually Go here,
and then I hit enter,
you'll see that I fail, right?
But if I do doppler run,
It'll actually work, right?
Because we're passing
in those credentials.
So you'll notice that it says,
hey, you got no changes.
Your infrastructure matches
the configuration, right?
Awesome, there we go.
We have officially set up our
repository in TerraForm cloud and
we have automation running against
it with state in the cloud so
that we don't have to
worry about anything.
So that's the first step
of what we wanna do.